1.	Working directory 
     Finding : pwd 
     Setting : cd  /C/Uers/wwang3 or cd .. then cd wwang3

2.	Initialized Git repository in working directory: git init
3.	Setting user.name and email:
     git config --global user.name  “weiwie”
     git config --global user.email  “wangweiwei@”
     Notes: if setting for a single repository, we will not use global
4.	All basic setting layer out: git config –list
5.	All contents of the working directory: ls
6.	Initial commit (untracked files): git status
7.	Tracking file: git add . or git add Weiwei.txt
8.	Commit file to repository: git commit –m “comments” or git commit –am “comments”
9.	Remoting file : git remote add SomeName URL
10.	Pushing it into repository: git push –u SomeName master, if you modified files in the working
     Directory, you can use git push SomeName master to update files in the Repository
     Using 6-10 finish the process to add files to github repository
     git status > git add .> git commit >git status >git remote add  * URL >git push * master
Notes: 
    •	Questions:
          If it has two readme.file or non-up-forward or some other questions 
    •	Answers:
          git pull URL
          git commit –m
    •	Git push –f SomeName master : avoiding branch behind problems
11.	Removing files:
    •Removing from local ws and Repository (which means it is deleted in the ws)
      git rm Weiwei.txt
        whereas if you only wants to change the file name not delete the contect of the file
     git mv Weiwei.txt wang.txt  
     changing a file name and moving to the other folder
     git mv Weiwei.txt NewFolder/ wang.txt  
12.	Removing file only from repository :
     git rm –cached filename
13.	Restoring changes back: git checkout –filename (here it works only before the file get track)
14.	 Basic information:
     git version  or which git
15.	Displaying all commits: git log
16.	Checking the difference in a file : git diff
     •	Working copy vs repository: git diff
     •	Staging area vs repository: git diff --staged or git diff --cached
17.	Getting repository from github: git clone URL
Eg: git clone git://github.com/schacon/grit.git mygrit

